hi guys welcome back to my channel I'm
Michaela and today we are going to talk
about how to be positive when everything
is going wrong I'm going to tell you
something that is probably against
everything you have ever heard of so
let's get into this we have all been
there we have all been in situations in
our life where we felt we are trying
everything so hard we are trying to be
positive so hard and yet nothing is
going our way we have heard the advice
just be positive just see the positive
things but still it's not going our way
still things are going wrong but does
that actually work or does that make us
feel even more stuck and even more
frustrated about the situation the truth
is what you trying to do is forcing
positivity and when you are forcing
positivity you are ignoring reality you
are ignoring your emotions you are
ignoring your circumstances and while
you are ignoring what's happening in
front of you you are giving it even more
energy the issue is what you resist
persists and why is that because when
you resist something you put Power you
put energy you put attention to it and
as long as you put attention to it more
of it is coming the more you are
ignoring something the more you are
putting attention onto it if you keep
telling yourself oh I can't look at my
bank account because it makes me feel
uncomfortable and you never look at your
bank account the bank account is going
to stay at these numbers or non-existent
numbers whatever you don't want to look
at because you put so much attention on
it to not look at it that that's what
you are attracting more wherever you put
your focus on will come more that's what
you attract your mind doesn't respond to
words you can say I'm rich I'm rich I'm
rich and when you look at your bank
account you feel a certain type of way
that's what your mind and the universe
is reacting to and that's the focus and
the attention you will see more of in
your life and another thing is when
you're trying to push away something
when you are trying to ignoring a
certain fact in your life you're
actually giving it more power try to
think about a ball that
you push underw you're trying to push it
to push it to push it constantly you're
pushing it because as soon as you let go
of pushing it it will jump on the
surface and it will jump with such an
intense energy on the surface that this
has an even more impact than when you
would just let it flow on the surface
right and that's exactly what happens
with your life when you're trying to
push away and ignoring certain facts
that you do not like in order to be
positive and that's why you're going to
attract actually more negative things in
your life while you're trying so hard to
be positive every time you think and say
to yourself I need to be more positive
you are going to attract more situations
where you will think and feel and say I
need to be more positive you don't want
to be in a position where you think and
feel like you have to be more positive
you want to be in a position where you
think there is no need even to think
about that because you are from inside
positive you are from
inside in a state of being unbothered
because your life is already so good
your life is already so blessed and
peaceful you don't have the need to
think oh I need to be more positive
right now the question is how do you get
to that state
where you don't need to be more positive
so the question how can I be positive
when things are not going my way is
actually the wrong question asked you
have to ask how can I change my state in
order to not let any circumstances make
me feel they're not going my way how can
I change my state and be in a positive
state be in a state where I don't need
oh I need to be more positive right now
your reality starts in your mind it's
your universe
universe and not the universe so what
you need to change is your mindset how
you see the things because if you keep
looking away from your reality if you
keep ignoring your struggle and
pretending everything is fine you're
actually not shifting your energy and
you will have the same outcome over and
over again you will be stuck in that
cycle over and over again you have to
face that reality and then transform it
and in case of the bank account look at
your bank account as long as it feels
uncomfortable when I'm not feeling good
in my body do you think I should look
away and I should pretend oh I'm fine
and go to eat Pizza that makes me feel
even worse no I should go to the mirror
and look at my body as long as I feel
uncomfortable until this feeling gets
less until the feeling gets smoother
because this is just an emotion an
emotion is energy in motion it doesn't
stay as long as you look at it you let
it flow through your body you will get
rid of it so whatever circum an is in
your life do not ignore it look at it as
uncomfortable as it is as long as it's
uncomfortable and then starts to
transform it another thing is if you are
trying to transform your reality without
keeping your mind in check without
creating this mental state of peace and
this mental state of absolute positivity
there is no need to be positive you are
working backwards which is not going to
work out there is always a cause and an
effect right and your reality your
outcome is not the cause it's an effect
of your mentor of your thoughts of your
selft talk of your emotions so first you
have to work on your mindset first you
have to work on your mind what's going
in on there work on your thoughts work
on your emotions work on all these
things first in order then to have a
different outcome in your reality
another thing is that everything has two
sides right there is cold and warm there
is ice and steam there is light and dark
and there is success and failure and
these aren't separate foret say these
things are the exact same thing on a
different vibrational rate so everything
is on a spectrum the question is where
does it start to switch from cold to hot
where does it start to switch from
failure to success where does it start
to switch from dark to light think about
the thermometer a termometer
shows numbers simple numbers and and it
should tell you the degrees outside but
what of these numbers is actually C and
what of these numbers is actually hot
maybe for me it's already hot when it's
10° maybe for you it's hot when it's 30°
there is simply no exact point that
specifies where the switch is that
specifies on which point it is hot and
on which point it is considered to be be
cold on which point is it considered
light on which point is it considered
dark when you turn off the light in your
room and everything seems to be dark but
there is still some light coming in from
outside is it then dark or is it light
and the exact same thing applies to
positivity and negativity if you run
from negativity you keep reinforcing it
the more you run the more power you give
it and the more power you give it the
more you attract of it so what you have
to do is to shift it to the other
opposite you have to learn to shift what
seems to be negative into something that
seems to be positive simply said
whatever seems to be for you not
beneficial you have to turn it to a
moment that is for you beneficial at
this point is all about turning a
struggle into a power if you're facing
any struggle you can turn it into
something that is beneficial for you
always because at the end of the day
anything that happens to you is
something that happens for you you just
have to shift perspective on it not
ignore it not force it to be something
positive but to shift perspective if I'm
broke and I want to make money
then I have to shift perspective of I'm
broke I don't want to look at my bank
account to what is this moment what is
this situation teaching me because at
the end of the day you are not supposed
to be broke you are supposed to be the
best version of yourself let's say you
get kicked out of your house and you
feel devastated because now you don't
know where to live and it feels like
this is the worst moment in your life
but if you shift perspective and you see
this is a situation that is here for you
to teach you something is it that there
is something bigger for you waiting is
it that while you're on the process of
finding something new something better
you are learning new skills is it that
you have to look for a new job is it
that you have to move to a new country
is it that you have to let let go of
specific people in your life there is
always a teaching in every situation and
there is always a benefit in every
situation you just have to see it and
you just have to ask the right questions
to it I give you a very female example
so I did filler in my face last month
and I didn't exactly know what I want
but I knew I wanted to do something so I
went to that clinic what I ended up
doing was putting filler in my jawline
and my chin and I ended up hating it it
was the worst thing I ever did to my
face and I had to disolve it a few days
after because I just did not like my
face like this but in this situation
what I learned was to appreciate my
natural face features because I was like
wow I actually look much better without
this jawline and fake chin I like my
natural features I like my face how it
is I want to go back to natural and in
this situation my simple benefit was to
see my natural beauty again because
maybe I have forgotten to see my natural
beauty maybe I got bored with my own
face and I just wanted to change
something because I saw my myself for so
much and I didn't appreciate it anymore
this moment was for me for me to see
that I am beautiful without any
additional fer and you can extrapolate
this to any of your situations in your
life whatever it is if it's a partner if
it's money if it's your job if it's a
deal that has been falling through if
it's your parents kicking you out
whatever ever it is there is always a
silver lining there is always a benefit
for you in every situation because at
the end of the day you are supposed to
live your best version of yourself and
you can trust that everything that
happens for you is here to lead you to
your highest good another thing what
most people do not realize is that
positivity is not a one siiz fit
positivity is very individual same as
negativity same as hot and cold it's
very individual everyone sees it
different for me maybe a million dollars
in my bank account is positive for you
maybe $2 million in your bank account is
positive for another person $1,000 in
their bank account is positive right so
it's very individual you cannot
generalize that you define what is
positivity for you and the mistake that
most people make especially nowadays
with all these spiritual gurus and all
these YouTube channels giving advice and
tips on how to be positive is to try to
be positive the same way as someone else
is trying to be positive because it
worked for them but when you are trying
to adopt someone else's version of
positivity to yourself instead of
finding your own way it's not going to
work if forcing a smile and standing in
front of the mirror saying affirmations
to yourself feels fake then that's what
it is for you and it's not going to work
if for Lisa for example she is standing
in front of the mirror saying her
affirmations putting a smile on her face
is working for her and for her that
feels is the truth it's working for her
that's her truth if for you your
positivity is going through struggles
and finding
Solutions and taking actions and using
struggles as fuel then that's positivity
for you and that's what's going to work
for you we are all very individual and
if you are trying to be like me if I am
trying to be like you if you are trying
to be positive the same way way I do and
if I'm trying to be the same way
positive as you do it's not going to
work we both end up miserable unhappy
and definitely not positive you have to
find out what works for you and yes
that's a bit of a trial and error but
you got to do it because if you're not
going to do it nothing will ever work
for you and you let other people
determine what's going to work for you
and what not of course if you believe so
much in me for example if you have the
absolute belief trust and conviction in
me everything I do is going to work for
you as well but if it's not working for
you because you are just not feeling it
if you are trying to do the exact same
thing as I do on a daily basis but you
just do not feel it's right for you you
just don't feel this is authentic to you
then it's not going to work so see all
your obstacles that are coming your way
as something that is refining you and
your mindset and what you want in life
so how to apply this now in your life
first of all I want you to Face Reality
head on I told you already earlier look
at what ever is bothering you at
whatever makes you feel
uncomfortable as long as it makes you
uncomfortable if that's hours look at it
for hours I want you to let that emotion
go through and not keep it stuck in you
because that emotion that you keep stuck
on you is fuel for whatever you keep
attracting in your life over and over
again so look at it admit it and see it
as part of that's what it is right now
until you just feel unbothered by it the
second thing I want you to shift instead
of suppress stop running away from your
struggles stop running away from
whatever is bothering you in your life
ask yourself what is this trying to
teach me what is this benefiting me for
what is this moment in life life should
this teach me to finally start something
on my own should this teach me to
finally make myself visible should this
teach me to finally change my friends
circle whatever it is ask yourself what
is this trying to teach me and be honest
with yourself ask yourself what is this
trying to teach me and how can I use it
to grow third thing master your mind
mindset mindset mind mindset if you keep
being stuck and repeating the same
Cycles over and over and over again it's
because of your freaking mindset if you
do not work on your mindset good luck if
you do not understand everything you
create first in your mind good luck
because you keep doing this your whole
life you keep repeating repeating
repeating repeating repeating until you
finally learn your mindset is everything
so I want you to master your mindset
master your thoughts and your feelings
Master it Master to be detached from any
outcome from that reality that seems to
be controlling you master to be
unbothered by whatever is showing up
master your mind then every time a
struggle or something something negative
is coming up you will see it as fuel you
will see it as something that is part of
the process because there is no up
without the down and there is no down
without an up that's just life there is
no up without flow and no flow without
EP is that the word for it I'm actually
not sure anyways you know what I mean
life comes and goes and that's just the
cycle of Life once you see that
you will not be bothered anymore so much
by your setbacks you will just see it as
what it is a setback that will take you
further after if you let it the fourth
thing is trust the balance whatever is a
struggle right now is going to be your
strength whatever you are going through
right now is going to be your superpower
because if you are pushing through
something that seems to be negative and
see it as some something that is
beneficial for you nothing can ever hurt
you nothing can ever harm you because
everything you see is just a push it's
just a process it's just part of life
and it's not going to throw you off
board anyways guys thank you so much for
watching I hope this could help some of
you to see negative as something else
and detach from your outcome and create
everything first in your mind thank you
so much for watching guys I love you so
much and I see you in my next video
bye-bye